Add docs for MyPermobil (#28021)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mypermobil.markdown

---
title: MyPermobil
description: Instructions on how to integrate Permobil wheelchair into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_release: 2023.12
ha_domain: permobil
ha_codeowners:
  - '@IsakNyberg'
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - Sensor
ha_integration_type: hub
---

> The MyPermobil integration allows you to view various sensors with information about your Permobil wheelchair, such as battery status, distance traveled, number of seating adjustments, etc. The values of the sensors may be delayed by several minutes and should not be relied on for any crucial applications. For the integration to work you must ensure that _voice assistant linking_ is activated in the MyPermobil app. This can be done by opening the app and navigating to Settings->My Account->Connection Settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **MyPermobil** integration allows you to view various sensors with information about your Permobil wheelchair. For example: battery status, distance traveled, and number of seating adjustments. The values of the sensors may be delayed by several minutes and should not be relied on for any crucial applications. For the integration to work, you must ensure that _voice assistant linking_ is activated in the MyPermobil app. To do this, open the app and navigate to **Settings** > **My Account** > **Connection Settings**.
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Sensors

A total of 11 sensors are available:

- **Battery charge**
  The current battery state of the wheelchair as a percentage.
- **Battery health**

>   The maximum amount of charge the battery can hold measured as a percentage of the battery's original capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The maximum amount of charge the battery can hold. Measured as a percentage of the battery's original capacity.
```

- **Charge time left**
  A number indicating how many hours the battery needs until it is fully charged. The battery needs to be charging for this sensor to work.
- **Distance left**
  The distance the wheelchair can travel on its current charge. This figure is an estimate and should not be relied upon.
- **Indoor drive time**
  The estimated number of hours of indoor drive time that is left on the current battery charge.
- **Battery max watt hours**

>   The number of watt hours of energy stored in the battery when it is at max capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The number of watt hours of energy stored in the battery when it is at maximum capacity.
```

- **Watt hours left**
  The number of watt hours of energy stored in the battery on its current charge.
- **Full charge distance**
  The distance the wheelchair can travel on a full charge. This figure is an estimate and should not be relied upon.
- **Distance traveled**
  The distance the wheelchair has traveled today.
- **Number of adjustments**
  The number of adjustments sessions today. Multiple different adjustment within a short time period are counted as a single sessions.

> - **Record number of adjustments**

Reviewer: Because *Record number* is a bit unclear to me, I suggested an alternative. Please correct me if I got this wrong.

> - **Record number of adjustments**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Highest number of adjustments**
```

>   The record number of adjustments in a single day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The highest number of adjustments ever recorded in a single day.
```

---
title: MyPermobil
description: Instructions on how to integrate Permobil wheelchair into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_release: '2023.6.3'
ha_domain: permobil
ha_codeowners:
  - '@IsakNyberg'
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - Sensor
ha_integration_type: hub
---

The MyPermobil integration allows you to view various sensors with information about your Permobil wheelchair, such as battery status, distance traveled, number of seating adjustments, etc. The values of the sensors may be delayed by several minutes and should not be relied on for any crucial applications.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> ## Configuration

Reviewer 2: Duplicate header, this is already provided by the include above.

> Configure the integration by entering your email associated with your MyPermobil account, then select your region from the dropdown list. When proceeding to the next step you will receive a 6 digit code to the email you entered, this code needs to be entered in the final step. If everything works as it should, MyPermobil should be added to your list of integrations.

Reviewer 2: This should be provided and be clear from the config flow itself.

### Battery Health

The maximum amount of charge the battery can hold measured as a percentage of the battery's original capacity.

### Charge Time Left

A number indicating how many hours the battery needs until it is fully charged. The battery needs to be currently charging for this sensor to work.

### Distance Left

The distance the wheelchair can travel on its current charge. This figure is an estimate and should not be relied upon.

### Indoor Drive Time

The estimated number of hours of indoor drive time that is left on the current battery charge.

### Battery Max Watt Hours

The number of watt hours of energy stored in the battery when it is at max capacity.

### Watt Hours Left

The number of watt hours of energy stored in the battery on its current charge.

### Full Charge Distance

The distance the wheelchair can travel on a full charge. This figure is an estimate and should not be relied upon.

### Distance Traveled

The distance the wheelchair has traveled today.

### Number of Adjustments

The number of adjustments sessions today. Multiple different adjustment within a short time period are counted as a single sessions.

### Record Number of Adjustments

> The record number of adjustments in a single day.

Reviewer 2: Instead of using chapters, let's just make this a list. E.g.,

```Markdown
- **Battery charge**:
  The current battery state of the wheelchair as a percentage.
- **Battery health**:
  ...
```

PS: Please note the capital letter change so it becomes sentence styled.
